hello guys it's like a hobbit and today
we're doing a review on the Lego
playbook so I got this for Christmas and
they'll be a link in the description for
the Hava do I got this book from so
there is no many figures like exclusive
once is set so this might be a pretty
short review so just to give you a heads
up so first look at the front cover of
the book says like a playbook ideas to
bring your bricks to life at this dragon
seen here it looks like something from
the hobbit 2 so this is more than 500
build and play ideas from LEGO fans so
let me put this here and now we'll look
at the back of the book
you get there's a bunch of creation to
the sides and then if you want to read
that you could like haul some video for
that so you could do that now if you
want it so we got all these other
creations right here and I guess there
this book is from DK 2 so leg a little
going so here side of it EK those exact
same frame Lego playbook ideas to bring
your bricks to life that's the side of
it now we'll go inside the book look at
it here's a front page
so here's the front of it
and met two it's written by Daniel with
a whole would see I think it is and then
you here's the table of contents it
shows for all about it
some more of the table of contents you
just talks more about it and like pieces
you'll need for it
he was that dragon what we saw in front
of the cover just some more ideas for so
it's pretty cool book you can get some
ideas from this was pretty cool that i
found i will cut it to cancel and then
some folders and like Queens and nights
pervade strands castles know that he
knows
listen I'm like to
this is like little built more like easy
builds I think that's what the rest of
this is just like little each abilities
cool
so space stuff jungle critters loves
more monsters training skeletons
and it's what the I guess one of the
last page you said just stops about it
in the West and then use the last page
what's a little cover of it and then
again we got the back of the book so
that is it for your lingo play book
review I think it retails for around
like twenty to twenty-five dollars so
that's pretty much it guys for your leg
old playbook review and i'll be doing
more book reviews the lego too so that's
a guy so please like comment subscribe
and thanks